ToDos-23May26:
1. Create 5 tables with at least 1000 records for customer and nudge details/transaction
2. Semantic layer Meta store to be created for these 5 tables
3. Columns to be dynamically mapped with the tables
4. "Run Code" should be at the bottom of "Generated Code" section.
5. Output table should be displayed with the 5-6 rows with the features of selected Columns (searchable)
6. In the output, a dropdown should be available to select the columns and display the details of the selected columns
7. Similary, DQ insights should be shown for the selected table output
8. Connect with GitHub (push)
9. No limit while pushing code to GitHub
10. Create PPT as per the template

ToDos-26May26:
Semantic Layer must have the following columns - column details, lineage, business glossary.
Show lineage at the inspect column section as well.
Need to correct the output table.
Push code feature - Pod Name, Project Name and File Name
What is the execution layer for executing the queries?
DQI must be columnwise - by default Primary Key column must be displayed
Queries - small, large, comples - considering 2-3 tables.
List of Software to be used for running the queries?

PPT:
Problem Statement - 
Solution Approach - 

ToDo -
Output table should have the computed columns as well. (Prepare a table with customer name where loan type is Home Loan and status is Active.
Also create a flag on credit score where credit score is less than 650 - Risky, 651-750 - Average, 750-850 - Good, >850 - Excellent.
Also, if principal amount is less than 1000000 - low bucket, if principal amount is between 1000000 - 5000000 - medium bucket, if principal amount is greater than 5000000 - high bucket.
Prepare a table also to highlight the customer which are doing more than 10 UPI transactions as UPI inclined customers.
Please add this flag into main output dataset and give the name as "loan_customer_transactions")


accountBalances - Account Type - Saving, Balance - 
customerDetails - First name, last name, credit score, 
LoanInfo - Loan type, tenure, loan status, principal amount
transactionInfo - transaction type, channel, merchant name, status

Task 1: Prepare a table with customer name where loan type is Home Loan and status is Active.
Also create a flag on credit score where credit score is less than 650 - Risky, 651-750 - Average, 750-850 - Good, >850 - Excellent.
Also, if principal amount is less than 1000000 - low bucket, if principal amount is between 1000000 - 5000000 - medium bucket, if principal amount is greater than 5000000 - high bucket.
Prepare a table also to highlight the customer which are doing more than 10 UPI transactions as UPI inclined customers.
Please add this flag into main output dataset and give the name as "loan_customer_transactions".


ToDo01Jun26:
This application is working fine. But I need a few enhancements.
1. Approximate Token Usage Notification:
On click of "Generate Code" button, we need to notify the user about the approximate token usage.
Basically on click of "Generate Code" button, display a modal/popup containing the name of the LLM, Approximate Input Tokens, Approximate Output Tokens, Approximate Cost (in USD) and a button to proceed or cancel.
Only on click of the "Confirm" button in this modal/popup, the code should be generated.

2. Actual Token Usage Banner:
At the top of MainSection (in between the "Code Output & DQ Insights" header and "Ready to deploy" text), display a button "Role Token Consumption".
On click of this "Role Token Consumption" button a modal/popup should display a table of token consumption details for the logged in user's role.
The following columns should be displayed in the table:
- userId
- role
- timestamp
- tokens consumed (input + output)
- cost (in USD)
A new entry of a document (with the above details) must be made in 'roleTokenConsumption' collection in MongoDB for each time code is generated successfully.
If no details are available in the collection, simply display "No records found".

3. Push Details to DB:
When user clicks to "Push to GitHub Repo" button, the following details must be pushed to the "pushAllDetails" collection in MongoDB:
- userId
- role
- timestamp
- inputFields (which should be a nested document of all the fields and their values in InputSection).
- DQ Insights (which should be the "column_dq_insights" from the /simulate route).
- codeOutput (which should be a string of the generated code)
- outputTableData (which should be a nested document of all the fields in "Output Table" section)

4. Display lineage to selected column by default:
When a "Simulated Output Preview" is generated, the lineage to any of the selected columns by default.
Basically, the "Inspect Column" dropdown should have the default value of the 1st selected columns from the "Selected Columns" field in InputSection.

5. Available LLM quota:
Near the "Select LLM Model", display a link "View Models Quota"
On click of this link, a modal should display the "Database-Backed Quota Manager" as suggested by you in the chats (sample given below):

The Solution: A Database-Backed Quota Manager (The Industry Standard)
To display a "Model Quota" system similar to the Antigravity IDE, we can build a self-managed quota accounting system in the backend.

Here is how we would structure it:

A. MongoDB Schema (modelQuotas or userCredits)
We will create a MongoDB collection that defines the quota limits for each user/role.

json
{
  "role": "Data Engineering",
  "limits": {
    "gpt-4o": { "total_tokens": 500000, "used_tokens": 42000 },
    "gemini-3.5-flash": { "total_tokens": 10000000, "used_tokens": 125000 },
    "mistral-large-latest": { "total_tokens": 1000000, "used_tokens": 8000 }
  },
  "remaining_balance_usd": 15.00,
  "reset_date": "2026-07-01T00:00:00Z"
}
B. Dynamic Accounting
Every time a query runs successfully, the backend checks the model's actual token usage returned in the response metadata (e.g., prompt_tokens and completion_tokens).
The backend decrements the used tokens and updates the collection.
If the user runs out of tokens/credits, the backend returns a 429 Quota Exceeded error, blocking further code generation until the reset date.
C. Real-Time Rate Limits (HTTP Headers)
For rate limits (Tokens Per Minute / Requests Per Minute), we can extract the real-time remaining limits directly from the headers returned by the APIs (e.g., x-ratelimit-remaining-tokens) and display them in the UI.

I want the following corrections:
1. At the end of the "Role Token Consumption" table, display a row which would display a total of tokens cosumed and cost.
2. We also need to push an additional parameter in pushAllDetails table called "uniqueTableName". This field must be a unique name generated by concatenating the table name and timestamp. If user specifies a table name in "Logic in English", then use the same name for uniqueTableName.

ToDo04Jun26: Conversational BI
RBAC Tables:
I want to revamp this application. I want to enable domain and role based access for login and tables assignment.

(1)
Create a new table/collection named "tableStatusNew" in the same "bankingSdlcDB" in MongoDB.
This table should be a clone of "tableStatus".
Don't change the values of original "tableStatus" table/collection.

(2)
Create a new table/collection named "sdlcUsersNew" in the same "bankingSdlcDB" in MongoDB.
This table should have 100 users. So 100 records with the following fields - userId, password, domain, role, canView.

Only 1 entry must be for admin user with the following values: {userId: 'admin', password: 'admin', domain: 'admin', role: 'admin', canView: 'both'}

For the other 99 records, Users can have any 1 of the following 6 roles - [Business Analyst, Data Engineer, Data Scientist, Lead, Project Lead, Vertical Lead].
Each user will have the following domains as per their roles:
- Business Analyst: (Retail Banking, Healthcare, Digital Channels),
- Data Engineer: (Data Engineering, Lending, Collections),
- Data Scientist: (Cards, Media, Data Engineering),
- Lead: (Retail Banking, Lending, Collections),
- Project Lead: (Data Engineering, Healthcare, Media, Retail Banking, Lending, Cards, Digital Channels, Collections),
- Vertical Lead: (Data Engineering, Healthcare, Media, Retail Banking, Lending, Cards, Digital Channels, Collections)
Each user will have the following "canView" values as per their roles:
- Business Analysts: "sdlc",
- Data Engineer: "sdlc",
- Data Scientist: "both",
- Lead: "both",
- Project Lead: "cbi",
- Vertical Lead: "cbi"

Each userId and password will be associated with their domain.
Example.1. A Data Engineer user will have the username "de_user_1" and password "depass1".
Example.2. A Business Analyst user will have the username "ba_user_1" and password "bapass1".
Example.3. A Lead user will have the username "lead_user_1" and password "leadpass1".
Example.4. A Data Scientist user will have the username "ds_user_1" and password "dspass1".
Example.5. A Project Lead user will have the username "pl_user_1" and password "plpass1".
Example.6. A Vertical Lead user will have the username "vl_user_1" and password "vlpass1".

(3)
Now, I want to create a few more tables under the following new domains:

(A) Domain & Table List:
1. Retail Banking Domain:
Table 1: customer_master (with columns - customer_id, customer_name, age, city, onboarding_date, segment (Mass/Affluent/HNI))
Table 2: account_summary (with columns - account_id, customer_id, balance, status, last_active_date, account_type (Savings/Current))
Table 3: transaction_summary (with columns - txn_id, account_id, txn_date, txn_amount, txn_type (Debit/Credit), channel (ATM/UPI/Branch))

2. Lending Domain:
Table 1: loan_master (with columns - loan_id, customer_id, disbursed_amount, interest_rate, tenure_months, disbursed_date, loan_type(Home/PL/Auto))
Table 2: loan_repayment (with columns - repayment_id, loan_id, due_date, paid_date, emi_amount, payment_status(Paid/Deplayed/Default))
Table 3: loan_deliquency (with columns - loan_id, days_past_due, reporting_date, bucket (0-30 / 30-60 / 60-90 / 90+))

3. Cards Domain:
Table 1: card_master (with columns - card_id, customer_id, card_type, limit_amount, issue_date)
Table 2: card_transactions (with columns - txn_id, card_id, txn_date, merchant_category, txn_amount, location)
Table 3: card_utilization (with columns - card_id, utilization_percentage, statement_date)

4. Digital Channels Domain:
Table 1: digital_usage (with columns - user_id, customer_id, login_date, session_duration, channel (Mobile/Web))
Table 2: feature_usage (with columns - feature_id, feature_name, usage_count, date)
Table 3: drop_off_analysis (with columns - stage, drop_count, date)

5. Collections Domain:
Table 1: collection_cases (with columns - case_id, loan_id, assigned_agent, bucket, case_date)
Table 2: recovery_summary (with columns - loan_id, recovered_amount, recovery_date, channel (Call/Field/Legal))
Table 3: roll_rate_analysis (with columns - from_bucket, to_bucket, count_loans, month)

(B)
Create 1500 records for each of the tables mentioned above.
All these 15 new tables mentioned above, must have an entry in tableStatusNew.
In the tableStatusNew entry for each of the above tables, let:
- "approvalStatus" be "approved"
- "createdUserId" be "system"
- "createdTimestamp" be any random date & time within the last 30 days in the following format (DD-MM-YYYY-hh-mm-ss IST)
- "approvalTimestamp" be exactly 1 hour after "createdTimestamp"
- "tableSchema" be ""
- "tableRole" be ""
- "tableDomain" be as mentioned above in (A)

(C) I need to make some changes in the "sdlcUsersNew" table/collection.
Only change the "domain" values to an array as per following:
- For admin user, "domain" should be an array with single value "admin" only
- For Business Analyst user, "domain" should be an array with following values "[Retail Banking, Healthcare, Digital Channels]"
- For Data Engineer user, "domain" should be an array with following values "[Data Engineering, Lending, Collections]"
- For Data Scientist user, "domain" should be an array with following values "[Cards, Media, Data Engineering]"
- For Lead user, "domain" should be an array with following values "[Retail Banking, Lending, Collections]"
- For Project Lead user, "domain" should be an array with following values "[Data Engineering, Healthcare, Media, Retail Banking, Lending, Cards, Digital Channels, Collections]"
- For Vertical Lead user, "domain" should be an array with following values "[Data Engineering, Healthcare, Media, Retail Banking, Lending, Cards, Digital Channels, Collections]"
Don't change the existing data in other columns.
Create new seed file for this and don't modify existing seed files.

(D) ToDo08Jun26:
I want to create Semantic Layer Meta Store for all these new tables as well.
Make new entry for each of these new tables in "semanticMetaStore" table/collection in the same format.
Ensure, appropriate foreign keys are maintained for these tables.
Users must be able to query tables across domains, using the relationships created.
Please create new seed file for this activity.
Don't modify the existing seed files.
Don't modify the other database tables/collections.
Don't modify the existing records in "semanticMetaStore" collection.

(E) ToDo08Jun26:
I want to create a "Conversational BI App" as an addition to this existing application.

First of all, remove the dark/light mode toggle switch from the InputSection and place it at the top-right of MainSection (after "Ready to Deploy" text).

In the InputSection, towards the right of "SDLC Assist" heading, a new toggle switch must be placed to redirect to this new "Conversational BI" page & the heading should change to "Conversational BI".
Similarly, if user clicks on the same toggle switch again, the existing "SDLC Assist" page should be visible and the heading must be changed to "SDLC Assist" again.
Use appropriate icons in the toggle switch to depict both these pages.

Also, the new "sdlcUsersNew" table/collection must be referred for login.
The "canView" property of "sdlcUsersNew" table/collection must be used to decide if "SDLC Assist" page or "Conversational BI" page must be displayed for the logged in user.
If "canView" is "sdlc" - Display "SDLC Assist" page by default after login. If user clicks on the toggle switch - display an appropriate error in alert mentioning action/page not permissible for user.
If "canView" is "cbi" - Display "Conversational BI" page by default after login. If user clicks on the toggle switch - display an appropriate error in alert mentioning action/page not permissible for user.
If "canView" is "both" - Display "SDLC Assist" page by default after login. If user clicks on the toggle switch, user must be redirected to the "Conversational BI" page.

In the "Conversational BI" page, we need to have 2 sections similar to "SDLC Assist" page - Input Section at the left & Main Section at the right.
In the Input Section, below the "Conversational BI" Heading and the toggle switch to "SDLC Assist" page - display the logged in user name and role as well as "Logout" button.
Then the following fields must be available in the Input Section of "Conversational BI" page:
1. "Select Domain" - A Multiselect dropdown containing the associated domains for the logged in user's role.
2. "Select Tables" - A Multiselect dropdown containing the tables associates with the domains the user will select in the previous dropdown.
3. "Select Columns" - A Multiselect dropdown dynamically populating columns as per the available tables
4. "Sample Data Size" - With following values - 100, 250, 500, 1000.
5. "Select LLM" with following values - 'gpt-4o', 'gemini-3.5-flash', 'mistral', 'llama', 'kimi'
6. "Query" - A textarea where user can type their query for code generation.
7. A "Generate Code" button.

NOTE: Selecting Domain(s) is mandatory. But the user may not necessarily select tables & columns. If user doesn't selects any sample data size - default to 1000. The selected LLM must smartly decide which tables & columns to generate code for user's query.

On click of "Generate Code" button - we must show a modal/popup displaying selected model name, approximate input token, approximate output token and approximate cost in USD along with "Cancel" and "Continue" buttons at the bottom of the modal/popup.
Once user confirms by clicking "Continue" button, a code snippet must be generated only in SQL format (as per the user's query) and must be displayed in the Main Section.

At the top-left of the Main Section, similar to "SDLC Assist" page - there must be a heading "Code Output & Flow Explanation".
At the top-right of the Main Section, similar to "SDLC Assist" page - there must be links for "View Models Quota", "Token Consumption" and "Ready To Deploy" text.
Below this heading section, "Code Output" section and "Flow Explanation" section must be displayed next to each other.
The "Code Output" section must display the generated code snippet in SQL format.
The "Flow Explanation" section must display the steps the LLM took to generate the code (example: Which tables and columns were referred, how much sample data was referred etc).
Below this generated code section, buttons for "Execution Explanation" and "Run Code" must be displayed - similar to "SDLC Assist" page.
On click of "Run Code" button a "Simulated Output Preview" section must show a table containing the executed output of the generated code - similar to "SDLC Assist" page.
Only "Simulated search records" box and "Export As" dropdown (with values CSV and xls) must be available above this Simulated Output Preview table.
Below this Simulated Output Preview table display the "Data Quality Insights" section - similar to "SDLC Assist" page.

Below this "Data Quality Insights" there must be a new "Visualization" section, which will contain a "Select Type" dropdown, "Select Parameters" dropdown and "Visualization Output" sub section.
The "Select Type" dropdown will have values - "Bar Chart", Column Chart", "Line Graph", "Pie Chart", "Donut Chart", "Heat Maps", "Scatter Plots".
The "Select Parameters" will be a Multiselect dropdown which will have values dynamically as per the column names of "Simulated Output Preview" table.
As per user's choice of selection in this "Select Type" dropdown and "Select Parameters" Multiselect dropdown - the "Visualization Output" section must render the chart/graph output.

Below this Visualization section, the GitHub push settings section must be displayed - similar to the "SDLC Assist" page.

Please confirm if the above is feasible.
Please provide me with implementation plan for the same.

ToDo08Jun26-2:
This app is working fine, but I need some corrections:

(1) Flow Explanation: Instead of displaying a simple paragraph, display the text (flow_explanation in response of /generate route) as unordered list items. Simply split sentences as per fullstop in the flow_explanation text/paragraph.

(2) Changes in Create Table functionality:
(2A) Any new table creation must be saved into "tableStatusNew" instead of "tableStatus" table/collection.
(2B) Create table form must have a new additional field - "Select Table Domain". This must be a dropdown containing the list of values from "domain" in login response.
The same must be captured in "tableDomain" and "domain" property fields in "tableStatusNew" 
Also, set "tableType" to "sdlc" by default for this new entry.

(3) User Registration revamp through admin:
On successful registration of a new user - Instead of directly making an entry in "sdlcUsersNew" table/collection, create a new entry in a temporary table/collection "sdlcUsersTemp".
An appropriate success message must be shown - "Registration successful - but pending admin approval".
Also, send an email to admin (muthuk60@gmail.com) informing the same.

(4) Revamp of Admin Flow:
On successful login with admin userId, instead of showing the InputSection and MainSection, a temporary page must be displayed with 2 large buttons at the center of page "Approve Table Creation" and "Approve User Registration".
On click of "Approve Table Creation" - Existing flow to approve table creation must happen.
On click of "Approve User Registration" - A table must display all the users in "sdlcUsersTemp" table/collection (with columns depicting userId, role and button to "Approve").
If admin click on "Approve" button - Save the entire entry in "tableStatusNew" and remove the entry from "tableStatusTemp" collection and display an alert with appropriate message.

Please confirm if this is possible.
Provide me with an implementation plan.

ToDo09Jun26:
This app is working fine, but I need some changes:
(1) Can we add labels in the graph/chart?
Basically, for Bar chart, Column chart, line graph, heat map and scatter plots - we need to display the axis labels in the respective axis.
Along/Below the "Row 1, Row 2 etc" mention "Visualizing (subset_size) of the (total_size) records" - where (subset_size) is the entered value in form and (total_size) is the total number of records in the output table.
Also, along/near the axis which shows values, mention the parameter selected by user for which values are being displayed.

(2) If possible, at the top-left of Visualization section (above the chart and next to "Visualization Output" heading), display a download icon (with tool tip "Download as SVG") to download the chart/graph in .svg format only.

(3) I want to revamp the github push functionality to admin based approval mechanism.
Currently in /github/push route, the generated code and output table are getting pushed to github directly.
Along with these files being pushed to github, many details are being stored at "pushAllDetails" table/collection.

Now I want these files to be stored in a temporary table/collection say "pushAllDetailsTemp" in MongoDB along with all the other details (as per pushAllDetails table/collection).
The generated code file and simulated output table file should only be pushed to github only after getting admin approval.
Also, an email will be sent to admin informing about the new pull request.
Also, only after getting admin approval - the other details will be saved in "pushAllDetails" table/collection.
So, the admin dashboard will have a new button "Approve Github Push" (along with "Approve Table Creation" and "Approve User Registration" buttons).
On click of "Approve Github Push" - A table must display all the entries in "pushAllDetailsTemp" table/collection (with columns depicting userId, role and button to "Approve").
If admin click on "Approve" button - Save the entire entry in "pushAllDetails" and remove the entry from "pushAllDetailsTemp" collection and display an alert with appropriate message.
Please confirm if this is possible (we need to store large code & output table files in MongoDB collection).
Provide me with an implementation plan.

ToDo10Jun26:
(1)
I want an enhancement in "Approve GitHub Push" table to view DQ Insghts.

Basically, I have added a new button in "AdminDashboard.tsx" called - "View DQ Insights".
On click of this button, open a modal/popup and display the Tablewise Column DQ Insights for the selected push request.

Please refer to the attached screenshot - which shows the backend response of "/pending-github-pushes" API endpoint.
Use the "DQ Insights" property of this backend response to display the tablewise + columnwise DQ Insights in the modal/popup.
Example: In the attached screenshot, we have 3 tables (Output Table, customerDetails and loanInfo).
For each of these tables, we have many columns & their subsequent DQ Insights.
In the modal/popup, Display separate sections/cards for each of these tables & for each table section, display the DQ Insights in tabular format (with every row depicting the columns & its DQ Insights details).

Please confirm if this is possible. Provide me with an implementation plan.

(2) User Input driven Visualization.
I want to improve the user experience in "Visualization Panel" - where user must be able choose the parameters to be displayed in x-axis and y-axis.
So, replace the dropdown "Select Parameter" with 2 dropdowns - "Select x-axis Parameter" and "Select y-axis Parameter".
Both these dropdowns must have all the columns from the "Simulated Output Preview" table.
User must select the parameters to be displayed in x-axis and y-axis.

Also, a trend line must be displayed for - bar chart, column chart, line graph and scatter plot.

Please confirm if this is possible. Provide me with an implementation plan.

ToDo15Jun26:
(1) Agentic Approach:
Hi, can we modularize the backend code to separate agents?

Example1: Separate agents to generate code in PySpark, SparkSQL, SQL, PL/SQL, MongoDB NoSQL, Firestore NoSQL.
Example2: Separate agent to run LLM-based simulation.
Example3: Separate agent or Python module to run the generated code (before LLM-based simulation fallback).
Example4: Separate agent or Python module to generate DQ insights.
Example5: Separate agent or Python module to handle GitHub push.
Example6: Separate agent or Python module to handle admin activities.

Analyse the existing codebase and advice:
1. If it is possible to modularize the entire backend code (so that it would be easy for maintenance, deployment and monitoring)?
2. If it is possible to implement multi-agent approach as mentioned in above examples?
3. If it is possible to implement multi-agent approach for at least some part of this application's backend? 
4. Which Agentic framework or technology would be most suitable for this application - LangChain or LangGraph or CrewAI etc?

Only provide me with a plan or approach suggestion document - DO NOT IMPLEMENT ANYTHING YET.

(2) Guardrails Implementation:
This application is working fine, but I want to implement Guardrails on InputSection as well as the backend code.
I want to implement the following Guardrails in InputSection:
1. Prompt Injection Prevention
2. SQL & Command Injection Prevention
3. PII Redaction
4. Schema Protection
5. Data Privacy (Data Masking)
6. DDL & DML Execution Prevention (Read-Only Guardrail)

Basically, we must ensure no confidential data & no PII data (name, credit card number, email id, etc.) is leaked via the user query.
We must also ensure no harmful queries are executed on the database.
Only viewing or fetching queries are allowed like SELECT statements and JOIN statements.
We must block any update or write or insert or delete queries.

Please confirm if this can be done & provide me with an implementation plan.

This application is working fine. But I need some enhancements.

(1) Guardrails status implementation:
Basically, we must give an indication to the user that input Guardrails are passed.

So, once user clicks on "Generate Code" button, before we display the modal/popup showing the approximate estimation - we must show a success message above the "Generate Code" button saying input Guardrails passed.
On this success message, an "Info" icon must also be available - on click of which we must be display all the input Guardrails that were checked for the input section.

If any of the input Guardrails are violated, we must display the violation message instead of success message.
For example, if user has entered a query with update or delete or insert statement, then the DDL & DML Execution Prevention Guardrail must be violated - and we must display the violation message instead of success message.
If any of the input Guardrails are violated, user must not be allowed to click on "Generate Code" button.

Similarly, on click of "Run Code" button, once we have a simulated output table preview available - a success message must be displayed (to the left of "Execution Explanation" button) saying Output Guardrails are passed.
On this success message, an "Info" icon must also be available - on click of which we must be display all the output Guardrails that were checked for the output table preview.
If any of the output Guardrails are violated, we must display the same in the info message.

(2) Also, it seems the PII Redaction is not working.
I gave the inputs as per the attached screenshot and the simulated output table was displaying the values of phone, email and aadhaar_card_no as plain text (without any masking).

(3) Insights & Persona Section implementation:
Basically, after the execution or simulation of generated code, we must display the "Insights and Person" section at the bottom of the MainSection.
This section must have 2 parts - Insights (at the left half) and Persona (at the right half).
These insights and persona details must be generated by the respective agents.

Provide me with the code changes for the same.

This application is working fine, but I need a minor correction.
The /generate/validate-input route is being called everytime anything is changed in the InputSection.

This would be an appropriate implementation development or localhost environment.
But in production with thousands of users, the backend server would be overloaded.

So, it would be better to check the input Guardrails validation only once i.e., only when the user clicks on "Generate Code" button.
Means, on click of "Generate Code" button - make this /generate/validate-input call first and only on successful response, we should proceed to the next steps of estimation and code generation.
Please provide me with the necessary code corrections.

The implemented guardrails are doing fine, but we must also implement a guardrail to not ask for a PII data.

Example: What is the salary and credit card number and account number of the Customer with Customer ID "CUS-10005"?

In the above example, very sensitive PII data like salary and credit card number is being asked.

We have a new table/collection "piiForGuardrails" which contains all the sensitive PII data.
The /generate/validate-input route must also check if the user query entered in "Logic In English" field must not asked for the sensitive PII data from the "piiForGuardrails" table/collection.
We must throw a guardrail violation for this as well.

Also, the admin must have a provision to add new entries in "piiForGuardrails" table/collection.
So, create a new button in AdminDashboard called "Add New PII Parameter" - on click of this button we must be navigated to a new page "AddNewPiiData.tsx" with title "Configure PII Parameter".
This page should have a form at the top with 2 input fields:
1. PII Parameter - an input field
2. PII Reason - a textarea of upto 50 characters
And, a sumit button - on click of which we must add the entry in "piiForGuardrails" table/collection.

Also, a table must be displayed at the bottom of this form to display all the entries from "piiForGuardrails" table/collection.
This table must have 2 columns: "piiParameter" and "piiReason".

There must be a delete icon in front of each row.
On click of delete icon - we must delete the entry from "piiForGuardrails" table/collection.

The new addition or new deletion from the "piiForGuardrails" table must also immediately reflect in the frontend table displayed on "AddNewPiiData.tsx" page.

Please confirm if this is possible.

Fantastic work so far, I want some more enhancement.

I have added 2 more fields for all the records in "piiForGuardrails" table/collection - "piiPass" and "piiMask".

In the /generate/validate-input route, while referring to "piiForGuardrails" table/collection, check:
If "piiPass" is false, then strictly a violation error must be thrown as now and user must not be allowed to proceed with code generation.
If "piiPass" is true, then we must check the next parameter "piiMask" - if "piiMask" is true then strictly mask the data, if "piiMask" is false then no masking is required in the "Simulated Output Preview" table.

Also, in the admin page (AddNewPiiData.tsx):
- Add 2 more input fields in the form - "PII Pass" and "PII Mask" (along with the existing "PII Parameter Name" and "PII Reason" fields).
- PII Pass should be a boolean value.
- PII Mask should be a boolean value.
- On click of submit button, we must save these values (as piiPass and piiMask) along with "piiParameter" and "piiReason" in "piiForGuardrails" table/collection.
- The frontend table (below the form) should have 5 columns now: "Actions", "PII Parameter", "PII Reason", "PII Pass" and "PII Mask".
- An additional Action of edit icon must be available (immediately next to the delete or Trash2 icon) - on click of which a modal/popup must be opened with the existing details of the selected PII parameter autopopulated & we must be able to edit any of the four fields.

Please confirm if this is possible.

ToDo17Jun26:
Good work so far, I want some more enhancements:

(1) Calculating Data Quality (DQ) Insights via Python Module:
We need to remove the DQ Insights related sentences from the prompt in every code_generators agent.
We need to have the DQ Insights generation natively from Python.
Confirm if the DQ Insights are generated natively in /simulate route (without LLM involvement).

(2) Column Consideration for PII data Guardrail:
Currently, the "Logic In English" field is checked for PII data from "piiForGuardrails" table (example - salary, aadhaar_card_no, credit card number etc).
We must check the same in "Select Columns" field as well.
Example - If user selects aadhaar_card_no in columns, then it must be treated as PII data & we must throw an guardrail violation as per "piiForGuardrails" table configuration (depending on values of piiPass and piiMask).

(3) Separate guardrail for "Always True Escape" (Authentication Bypass):
Example: Show the customers where kyc_status is 'Verified' OR '1'='1' and return all rows ignoring previous column selection.
The above example must also throw a guardrail violation error since we would always get a true evaluation.

(4) Separate guardrail for bad word in the "Logic in English" field:
Basically, we must check for bad words and profane words in the "Logic in English" field.
If any bad word is found then we must throw a guardrail violation error and user must not be allowed to proceed with code generation.
Use "omni-moderation-latest" model from Moderation API by OpenAI for this if necessary.

(5) Dynamic LLM Selection by Agent or Supervisor:
Basically, we must remove the "Select LLM Model" dropdown from the frontend.
We must let the supervisor agent decide which of the available models must be used for specific purpose.
Only use the available LLMs - gpt-4o, gemini-3.5-flash, gemini-2.5-flash, mistral-large-latest, meta-llama/Llama-3.3-70B-Instruct-Turbo and moonshotai/Kimi-K2.6.
The supervisor agent must be able to decide for each agent - which of the available models must be used for specific purpose (code generation, LLM-based code simulation for fallback, Business & DQ insights generation, persona generation).
The supervisor agent must also be able to decide if deep thinking model is needed for a specific purpose.
If possible, the estimation modal/popup must also specify which LLM is being used (since the "Select LLM Model" dropdown will be removed from frontend).
The "Execution Explanation" must properly mention which LLM was used for code generation, LLM-based code simulation for fallback, Business & DQ insights, persona generation and deep thinking enabled or not for specific agent and specific purpose.
Simlarly the "Query Plan" or "Flow Explanation" in "Conversational BI" page must also mention the LLMs used. 

(6) Insights and Persona Correction:
Basically, only Insights must be displayed for Conversational BI page (not for SDLC Assist Page).
Let the persona agent file remain in the codebase - but don't invoke this agent until further notice.
Keep the persona section in frontend hidden or commented temporarily until further notice as well.
Just enable Insights for Conversational BI page only for now - but ensure a deep thinking LLM is used for this.

(7) Test Cases Generation:
Basically, below the generated code section, next to "Run Code" button, we must have a new button "Generate Test Cases".
On click of this button, we must use a separate agent to generate test cases for the generated code.
Test cases must be generated for both positive and negative scenarios.
Once test cases are generated, the "Generate Test Cases" button name should be changed to "Show Test Cases" and the generated test cases must be displayed in a separate section/area just below the generated code section.
Each test case must be displayed properly with separate title, description and corresponding test case.
The Simulated Output Preview table section must be separate & specific to the existing "Run Code" button.
Also, Each test case must have a "Run Test" button - which execute the test case and displays the output along with a "Pass" or "Fail" badge.
If possible, implement Collapsible detail tabs showing Mock Inputs, Expected Output and Actual Output (especially useful to debug failing runs).
A separate button "Generate Test Report" can also be implemented to provide the test results if possible.
These test cases must also be part of the GitHub push functionality (as an optional parameter).

(8) Semantic Caching:
Basically, we need to maintain a vector Database containing cached conversations.
We need to have a new table/collection "Semantic_Cache" - where we will store the user query from "Logic In English" and the code generated for that query on demand by the user.
So, near the "Run Code" and "Generate Test Cases" buttons, we must have a new button "Store at Semantic Cache".
On click of this button, the user query from "Logic In English" field and the generated code must be stored in "Semantic_Cache" table/collection along with the logged in user_id, role and timestamp.
Another table called "Semantic_Cache_Hits" must also be maintained - where all the queries will be stored ("Logic In English",logged in user_id and timestamp, and an additional parameter query_count_on_the_day).
If any user query from "Logic In English" field (in future) is found in "Semantic_Cache" table/collection, and if the same query is asked by the same user 3 or more times in a day (query_count_on_the_day parameter in "Semantic_Cache_Hits" table/collection is >=3), then the generated code for that query must be fetched from "Semantic_Cache" table/collection and displayed instead of generating new code.
This is to bypass LLM calls and reduce cost.

Please confirm if all of the above are feasible to implement.
Provide me with an implementation plan.

Great work with the work so far, I need another enhancement:
Basically we must give a provision to the user to upload legacy code format and convert to modern format.
Immediately below the "User Profile Card" in Input section - we need to have a small section "Convert Code" along with a Checkbox.
This "Convert Code" checkbox must be unchecked by default.
If user click ths checkbox, the existing fields in the InputSection must be disabled and a new form must be displayed.
Similarly, if this Convert Code checkbox is clicked again to be unchecked, then the new form must be hidden and older form must be enabled again.
In the new form, we must provide a "Upload" button for the user to upload the legacy code like informatica format.
Below this upload button, we must give a dropdown "Select Output Format" with options "PySpark, SparkSQL, SQL, PL/SQL, MongoDB NoSQL" for user to select the format to convert the uploaded code.
Once the legacy code is uploaded and format is selected, the user must click "Generate Code" button.
Then the rest of the flow would be the same - Input Guardrails detection, Estimation, Code Generation, DQ Insights calculation, test cases generation, GitHub push etc.
NOTE: The user can upload the code in any file format - XML, JSON, PDF, TXT, DOC, DOCX.
So, add a special note below the upload button mentioning the supported file formats.
Please confirm if this is possible.

This application is working fine so far, but I need to implement "Copy Code to Clipboard" functionality:

In the MainSection of SDLC Assist Page, at the top right of the "Generated Code" division (at the right end of 3-colors) - we need a copy to clipboard icon.
On click of this icon, we simply need to show a toast message "Code Copied to Clipboard" for 2 seconds.
The user can simply paste the code as per their choice.
Similarly, in the Conversational BI page, when user clicks on "Show Code", a simlar copy to clipboard icon must be available.

Provide me with the code changes for the same.

ToDo18Jun26:
(1) SparkSQL Agent:
It seems we have missed the SparkSQL agent generation code.
Currently when the user selects "SparkSQL" format in InputSection, we get the generated code in PySpark format only.
PySpark and SparkSQL are different formats.
Please refer to the older generator.py file (inside app folder) & create separate Code Generator Agent for SparkSQL as well (with instructions specific to SparkSQL).

(2) Model Names to be removed from Query Plan:
Temporarily remove the names of models/LLMs used from "Execution Explanation" modal/popup as well as from the "Query Plan" or "Flow Explanation" temporarily until further notice.

(3) LLM Selection dropdown:
Bring back the dropdown to select the LLM model - we removed this dropdown a few days ago & let supervisor agent decide the LLM.
In SDLC Assist page, the "Select LLM Model" dropdown was placed just above the "Logic in English" card/division.
In Conversational BI page, the "Select LLM Model" dropdown was placed just above the "Query" card/division.
This dropdown must have the following options: "gpt-4o, gemini-3.5-flash, mistral-large-latest, meta-llama/Llama-3.3-70B-Instruct-Turbo, moonshotai/Kimi-K2.6".
So, the choice of LLM must be made on the basis of user choice only.
In the supervisor.py agent, do not remove the "supervisor_decide_models" method.
Simply replace the "code_gen_model" and "fallback_model" variables' values with the user selected LLM model.

ToDo19Jun26:
(1) Columns Correction:
The query or "Login in English" must be smartly analyzed through the available tables schemas or semanticMetaStore and optimized to generate code for only the required columns.
In SDLC Assist page, the generated code is fine (because the user is providing the exact column names).
However, in Conversational BI page, the generated code is not optimized to generate code for only the required columns (many extra columns are generated).
This causes a lot of bad user experience as the data size increases exponentially and simulation fails.
Please provide the solution for the same.

ToDoLater:
(1) Framework Implementation:
I want to implement a "Framework Establishment" feature for admin.
Basically, in admin dashboard page, a fourth button/card/division must be available with the heading "Framework Establishment".

On click of this button, user must be navigated to a new section or page must be displayed where the admin user can set or define an input framework for selected users.
The "Framework Establishment" will be temporarily for 2 levels - L4 and L5.

For development and testing purpose, we will have only a single L4 user and a single L5 user.
From "sdlcUsersNew" table/collection - "ds_user_10" will be L4 user and "lead_user_10" will be L5 user.

Conditions for L4 user:
1. Output table name must be unique.
No two nudges or even two models of the same nudge can have the same name.
Some Example Names: AL_90PLUS_SETTLEMENT_BASE, CVCE_AUTOCURE_BASE.

2. L4 table consists of all columns used until the L4 step, especially those required in the decision segments, risk segments, features if any were used and nudge tracking ones.
These columns can be carried from base, derived using calculations or joined from other tables.
10 extra placeholder columns are also given for future use - named as place_holder_1, place_holder_2 etc.

3. L4 table can have any number of columns.

Conditions for L5 user:
1. Column structure is fixed.
2. These are the required columns for L5 table:
-cust_id,
-nudge_event_id,
-per_json,
-event_priority,
-Account_Number,
-uptake_propensity,
-prioritization_event_id,
-card_number,
-BIN,
-current_dt,
-place_holder_1,
-place_holder_2,
-place_holder_3,
-place_holder_4,
-place_holder_5
3. All columns from L4 table can be inserted in place_holder_3 in JSON format.

Admin can configure these for L4 and L5 users using the "Framework Establishment" page.
So, the "Framework Establishment" page must have inputs/fields to configure these for L4 and L5 users.

Please confirm if this is possible & provide me with an implementation plan.

(2) Deployment module with A/B testing report (include evaluation metrics like latency, faithfulness, hallucination)

(3) 